hi my android gamers i hope they are
having a great time and tell me who
miss the legendary nintendo 64 with its
controls for people with three hands
incredible games that marked the
childhood of many kids that like me
surely more than once they had
have to take out the cassette so that the game
work as if by magic
mysteriously this was the only
solution so that the game could
function
we are in 2013 and this console is
disappearing little by little with the
breakthrough technology today very
few among us have a console
functional in their homes but this does not
will prevent us from receiving those old
moments that made us the
gamers that we are today since they
I will show how to convert your device
Android on the legendary Nintendo 64
in order to achieve such a feat we
we will download an application that will emulate
to the nintendo 64 call open 64 this
application is completely free more
however , we can buy the version
of pay to support the
developers that continue with this
project since unfortunately the
emulator is not completely finished
so if they can where please
when we have downloaded it we can
enter and see how it works has a
ton of options that we can try
but I will explain to you the most important thing
is how to play first of all let me
tell them which games or in this case
the roms are not included with the
emulator this rom we can download them
apart in specialized pages
directions of games of all kinds
consoles when we already have downloaded
the rumbia the game of our
preference we will export it to the
memory of our device we're going
to the sd card of our android and
we create a new folder with the name
of game 64 to be able to recognize it
easily
we open and paste the room of our
game when we are finished we can
test if it works we enter the emulator
and we press where it says game we search
the folder where we put the game and you
we start emulation
as we can see the Goths run with
total fluency although this will depend
of your processing power
device something that I liked quite
are the controls that adapt very
well at hand we will not have any
problem to be able to reach all the
buttons without difficulty
further emulate we have any title of
nintendo 64 like for example the epic
super smash bros with all the
legendary characters of the franchise
Nintendo or the Mario Kart 64 using
turtle shells like projectiles
remote control and who reminds us
agent 007 in goldeneye one of the
best multiplayer games of the
epoch and one of the masters also my
favorite among so many titles the legend
of zelda and the ocarina of time where
We will accompany the good link and try
save the kingdom of hyrule from the clutches
of the evil ganondorf traveling in the
time and space becoming the
hero of the story all these titles
They will run smoothly although we will see
occasionally minor bugs in the
graphics and sound although they will not affect
absolutely nothing your gameplay in addition
we can make use of fast storage in
the
will allow us to save our game in
any time we are playing
and load it if a monster
I kill and we want to do a little bit of
trap the most impressive of the emulator
is that we have the possibility of
connect a special command to
Android devices assigning you a
special command to each button and use your
device like a screen and this does not
get there we can play with
four controls simultaneously and power
play in multiplayer mode with your
friends without a doubt a great emulator that we
will make you remember incredible moments of
our childhood and show them to the
future generations so great that
they were the video games of our childhood
and good guys up here the video
I hope you liked it and that
take advantage of this incredible emulator before
to finish I wanted to tell you that
soon we will be reaching 10,000
subscribers in a few days if not
we have reached that goal while you are
watching the video good then like
many have already asked me is it time to
appear before the camera however as
I always say this is your channel and I like it
that you participate so what do you
would like to know about this study
The character can write me to
your questions in the box
comments since below preferably
one per person the best questions
will be selected and answered in the
special of 10,000 subscribers I hope
that you like the idea and that they can
participate so to throw questions I've
said do not forget to give me a big
thumb up subscribe comment and
share this video with all your friends
and without more to say guys I'm estens
and see you until next time
goodbye
Y